This game is known to judge you based on your haircut.
May include questions you can’t answer.
May or may not contain subliminal advice on finding nemo.
May contain Mario.
I dropped glass on the floor and have yet to clean it up.
May contain wet floors.
May contain warnings about wet floors.
May contain warnings about warnings.
You are about to play a videogame. Are you sure you want to do this?
... Ya like jazz?
May cause your character to make poor life choices.
Proceeding may lead to brief moments of wondering where it all went wrong.
skamtebord
May contain a woman.
You may experience paranoia, confusion, or sudden trust issues with pink-haired characters.
The world depends on you. Literally. No pressure. You only have one shot.
Do not expect cake. Repeat: Do not expect cake.
Please note that this game is completely safe. We promise.
I have bad news. There is no game.
May contain characters who remember you're [color:red]genocides[color:reset].
Have a nice day.
We are about to launch an all-out attack on your houze. Sincerely, the zombies
You hungry? Yes? Good.
This game hates the color yellow.
This game hasn't had its coffee yet.
May result in trying to lick your elbow.
Side effects of taking Dark Place may include headaches, backaches, stomachaches, leftarmaches, and the inability to stop playing Dark Place.
This game contains flashing lights, loud noises, but thankfully no jumpscares!
May contain...something. I don't know what it is, but it's definitely something.
[[If you consent to the terms and agreements,]] [[OUR STORE is PERMANENTLY Closing Down!!]]
You have 22 minutes until the sun explodes!
May contain [image:face/dess/heckyeah,0,2,2,0.5]
state_SUBNAUTICA
Quirky EARTHBOUND inspired RPG about depression.
Skeletons might ask you about your interest in hot animals.
May contain content
May include filler content that takes place in the light world.
May include some miner spelling mistakas.
May.
June.
May cause nausea. Please consult a doctor before attacking said doctor.
This is not a WARNING.
May contain characters that are not from Deltarune.
Does not contain Hatsune Miku. (yet)
The following game contains a story... Maybe?
& Knuckles
Does not feature Dante from the Devil May Cry series
Do not run Dark Place on a 3DS or a Wii.
dess is cool
This program is intended for players who are already familiar with DELTARUNE.
By playing Dark Place, you agree to the posibility of Dess breaking into your house at 3am to play on your xbox.
I told my college about the giant monster I created that I poke with a stick. He says it's dangerous. What an idiot.
It escaped.
I don't know, man.
Your destination is approaching.
mai conttant bed enngelich
In 5 days, God is coming.
May contain obscure references.
May contain VTubers.
The following program does not contain described visuals for the visually impaired.
I think you're nuts.
May contain games, unlimited games, but no games.
                    Here Godly blood was spilled.                     Here Death no longer wished to wait.
Jerma has breached containment.
Oh yeah! May contain characters whoose name is the fucking mimic.
you are an alcoholic
THEY SHOT THE FUCKING SPIDER
Your gun might only have one bullet.
May contain moments that'll feel like a desktop adventure.
Trans Ghosts
May not contain removed content.
May contain blood and George.
Elysium may catch on fire.
Bad game design!!!
Contains references to a D&D campaign almost nobody here has played.
Contains references to Guardian Tales.
The lamposts are the vacation spot of something by the bench.
May Include unfair trivia.
May contain BABA IS YOU (Good Music, Better Game) Covers
Includes over 80+ possible warnings!!!!!
Checking enemies may reveal their stats, in basically any DT/UT game
Game may crash, like no joke, it crashes. It is a Mice Miracle it works as well as that.
The Looker is literally a free game you can try right now!
Slider is literally a free game you can try right now!
Doki Doki Literature Club is literally a free game you can try right now!
Epic Battle Fantasy 3 is literally a free game you can try right now!
May have slight similarities to Deltarune Chapter 1 and 2
Borders may appear around the game if you consent so within the options menu.
Tritra Land isn't a land, it is a floor.
state_CLOCK
Lesbian marriage.
This game is not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed.
Cubes are present in this game
Also try out MINEKRAF-T!
May cause you to lose the game. Oh wait, it just did that.
May contain doors that lead to nothing.
Whatever you do, at the crossroads, don't turn left.
Don't loose the plot, please.
This game makes you allergic to peanuts.
This game is sponsored by Tony Radifox Ation!
Gay.
Get out of my gay.
Get out of my way.
Get out of my may.
Get out of my head.
Removed Gaster
Removed Among Us
It's DESSEMBER
It's not DECEMBER
Dark Place Legacy Deluxe
May contain Undertale, and as you know, Undertale is literally so shitty but you all just brush it away saying "everybody just dislikes anything popular" like Fucking no. People dislike shit that steals from other games, is racist, pedophilic, and lesbophobic. The game literally takes maps and monsters from off and redesigns them and makes them look absolutely terrible. Not to mention the battle system that is stolen from earthbound but made incredibly boring so the creators coudlnt be yelled at for stealing. The game is racist as hell with shitty skeleton jokes and having a native totem that speaks broken english. Its also pedophilic due to the main being a young girl that can be in love with much much older characters. Also the lesbian couple that everybody loves is literally so shitty but you all will take any kind of representation even if its terrible. The girls in the couple are mysogynistic stereotypes with how they “talk dumb” (ie. saying like a lot) and making them a couple as a joke is not fucking representation. And the humor is just shitty skeleton jokes and annoying dialouge. You all hate skeleton war jokes and yet love a game that makes so many its almost suffocating. In short the game is basically everything that tumblr loves. Racism, lesbophobia, pedophilia, and fucking annoying humor. There are also item descriptions with random japanese words slipped in and a cactus being referred to with “tsundere” and shit, which is very weeaboo. There is a gay sassy robot character which is a homophobic stereotype saying that all gay guys are sassy. The robot is also a drag queen, which is very transmisogynistic. The genocide ending is disgusting, as you make the young girl character into a serial killer. A chracter in the game is based on a homestuck character, and that character is a black stereotype Also there’s literally a flirt option in combat when the protag is literally a young child who had to have their hand held